NOTE:

As this is a volunteer mod made by unpaid individuals with no intent of ever making a profit out of it, we feel that - within reason - "fair use" allows us to use a number of resources that we do not own the rights to. We are all admirers of the great work of the many Lord of the Rings fans and not least, Professor Tolkien and the Tolkien Estate and WETA. Where it is possible to identify the artists, musicians, other modders, etc. full credit will be given here for their work that we have used.

We had a discussion on whether or not to use copyrighted materials, but my argument was that by its very nature, the Lord of the Rings is the intellectual property of the Tolkien Estate and therefore if we attempted to respect all copyrights we could simply not make the mod.

That said, if any copyright holder of any work that we use requests so, we will of course immediately take steps to remove the offending material. We do not claim ownership to any of the materials below and we hope that the copyright holders will view our use of their materials as a fan project that in no way seeks to profit from or steal their work. If your work is used and not given credit, it is because we were unable to establish who the copyright holder is - please inform us if this is the case on either our Steam Mod page or via the Paradox forums.

And on that note, any other Imperator: Rome modders have permission to use any of our work as well as long as full credit is given (by linking to the Steam mod page and crediting the Lord of the Rings: Realms in Exile team.

-Blood Royal


CREDITS:

Unsplash, loading screens
 unsplash.com

Pixabay, loading screens
 pixabay.com

Wallpaper Cave: Various loading screen and event pictures
 wallpapercave.com

dark_priestess event picture, Istvan Straban
 www.artstation.com/artwork/vQ8yx

collection of coat of arm emblems
 lord_ellessar

The Crest of House Cirdan, by SatoriLotus
 www.deviantart.com/satorilotus/art/The-Crest-of-House-Cirdan-730493974

J. R. R. Tolkien
 The Hobbit
 The Lord of the Rings

Christopher Tolkien
 The Silmarillion
 Unfinished Tales & The History of Middle-earth

WETA Workshop
 The Lord of the Rings: The Art of The Fellowship of the Rings
 The Lord of the Rings: The Art of The Two Towers
 The Lord of the Rings: The Art of The Return of the King
 The Art of The Lord of the Rings
 The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey Chronicles
 The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey Chronicles: Creatures & Characters
 The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug Chronicles: Art & Design
 The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug Chronicles: Cloaks & Daggers
 The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies Chronicles: Art & Design
 The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies Chronicles: The Art of War
 Middle-earth: From Script to Screen : Building the World of the Lord of the Rings and the Hobbit

John Howe
 A Middle-earth Traveller

Alan Lee
 The Lord of the Rings Sketchbook
 The Hobbit Sketchbook

HarperCollins
 J. R. R. Tolkien: Artist and Illustrator
 The Art of The Lord of the Rings by JRR Tolkien
 The Art of the Hobbit by JRR Tolkien

Tolkien Gateway, descriptions
 tolkiengateway.net

Wikimedia Commons
commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Chillingham_Castle_great_hall.jpg




